PR#1 - Solved.
Fix initialisation of ATA/Network/PCI in loader. Currently PS2SDK code is
copied. Network frames can be send, but  not received. Hard disc is not working.
-
Update: Hard disc is now working slowly without interrupts.
-
Update: Network is now working.
-
Update: Hard disc is now working fast with interrupts.

PR#2
Function sbcall_cdvdtrayrequestStage2() is sometimes not called after RPC Call.
(When linux is working without debug then second RPC trayreq call leads to
deadlock.) RPC call message is transfered to IOP, when I replace the handler
with sceSifAddCmdHandler(0x8000000A, ...); the moment before, my handler is
executed. It seems that message is lost in RPC or CDVD module.

PR#3
Reset is not working when loaded by ps2link.
-
Problem is based on old ps2link version.

PR#4
Memory card is not working when new modules are loaded from ROM.

PR#5
CDVD driver version is not detected by TGE SBIOS.
-
You need to choose SBOS version in kernelloader menu.

PR#6
PAD driver version is not detected by TGE SBIOS.
-
You need to choose SBOS version in kernelloader menu.

PR#7
Initrd must be loaded to low memory address.
-
Update: This is automatically done. But if loading fails and you try it again, it
is possible that initrd is loaded to higher address (see PR#10).

PR#8 - Solved
Network can only send, but not receive.
-
Network is at working with SCPH-10350 and SCPH-10281.
DMA is currently not supported. Linux 2.4.17 driver binds to different RPC server.
But it seems that Sony never delivered any responsible IOP module.

PR#9 - Solved
Hard disc can't be used.
-
Update: Hard disc is too slow, interrupts are not working.
-
Update: Hard disc is now working without DMA. But it seems that Sony never
delivered any responsible IOP module.

PR#10
When loading of Linux failed, because file names where wrong and this is fixed
after. Then it is possible that the initrd is loaded at a higher address, which
leads to segmentation faults when starting system later.

PR#11
New ROM modules and TGE version with support for it leads to linux panic:
Scheduling in interrupt.

PR#12
It is possible that USB is not working with V14/V15 slim PS2 console. This was
reported in ps2dev forums. I don't have a slim PS2, so I can't test it.

PR#13
Game controller (pad) is not working in linux.
-
You need to disable IOP debug output and eedebug.irx in kernelloader menu.
